12/xii/2021 Lāpule 21:08 PM

Watching Dave Chappelle's Block party right now which is what inspired me to create
this repoistory "ten-to-fifteen-times" (read the README file for more info).

The first note that I want to take down is that at minute 6:06
the white guy tells his friend "Bobby" about Dave's rap concert.

Bobby then says, "Man, I can't rap, Dave. You know better than that." 

Then Dave says, "You don't have to rap. All you gotta do is listen."

I relate to this so much because I'll be tryna get some pussy on the street
and when the bitch tells me that she has a boyfriend or whatever,
my back-up plan is to invite them to a music party or gig that I'm doing.
They then say shit like, "I can't sing", and in my mind I'm thinking,
"Bitch I didn't ask you if you could sing" but Dave's response was awesome
so I want to use that in the future.

Dave then says, "How often does a brother get to chill with 
the probation officers on some social stuff?"

the "How often does..." template is a great way to create urgency and value in a specific sale.

During the "Get ʻEm High" performance, I noticed the horn section dances when they're not
playing the bones. I'm gonna do that if I ever get this horn section thing going at Keola's house.

There's a part where Dave dresses up and acts like a pimp in the mirror. It reminded me of
my date with Makena and how fun it was to try on shades with her.

There's a part where Dave asks an old woman, "Miss, do you like rap music"
  she responds, "I like you man, I tell ya"
    then he responds, "I'll take that!"

Thelonious Monk was off time, yet perfectly on time.

(25:10) A legendary quote from Dave
"Comedians and Musicians; we're like this *intertwines fingers*
Every comedian wants to be a musician, and every musician thinks they're funny."

What I love about Dave is that he let's people be.
  There's a part where Dave is trying to explain a bit he could do with Mos Def
  and even though Mos Def is playing drums while Dave his talking, Dave continues
  to talk assuming Mos Def is listening, and of course, Mos Def is indeed listening
  and laughs along to the bit. It also helps when you're on a microphone.

I realize that in my life at the moment,
  Kumu Keola is my Dave Chappelle,
  I'm Kanye,
  Keoni is John Legend/Common.
  Don is Questlove.
  Alika is Mos Def.

There's a line in the film where Dave says, 
"You must be doing something right if old people like you."
  It means a lot that he said that. Young people or people my age are hit or miss,
  but old people fucking love me.

Jill Scott said something cool. She said, 
"Hi I'm Jill Scott. This my pimple Herbert. 
He arrived today and he's here to stay."

"To Ere is human, but to forgive is divine."
- Wyclef


